Fix codespell not checking spelling (#11)
RebelToolbox/RebelDocumentation: tutorials/vr/openvr/vr_starter_tutorial_part_two.rst

> This continues from where we left on in the last tutorial part, where we just finished getting the VR controllers working and defined a custom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This continues from where we left off in the last tutorial part, where we finished getting the VR controllers working and defined a custom
```
Maybe I am missing context, but "leaving off" seems to fit better?
The word "just" is superfluous IMHO.
